README.md, before:

# Frontend Mentor - Blog preview card solution

This is a solution to the [Blog preview card challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/blog-preview-card-ckPaj01IcS). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

## Table of contents

- [The challenge](#the-challenge)
- [Screenshots](#screenshots)
  - [1. Desktop version](#1-desktop-version)
  - [2. Mobile version](#2-mobile-version)
- [PageSpeed Insights results](#pagespeed-insights-results)
- [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [Tested with](#tested-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Acknowledgement](#acknowledgement)
- [Author](#author)

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- See hover and focus states for all interactive elements on the page

### Screenshots

##### 1. Desktop version

Default state
![Blog preview card - default](./assets/screenshots/desktop/Blog-preview-card-default.png)

Hover state
![Blog preview card - hover](./assets/screenshots/desktop/Blog-preview-card-hover.PNG)

##### 2. Mobile version

Default state
![Blog preview card - default](./assets/screenshots/mobile/Blog-preview-card-default.jpg)

Active state
![Blog preview card - hover](./assets/screenshots/mobile/Blog-preview-card-hover.jpg)

### PageSpeed Insights results

[Mobile version](https://pagespeed.web.dev/analysis/https-rupali317-github-io-blog-preview-card-main/y6htck4h6s?form_factor=mobile)

[Desktop version](https://pagespeed.web.dev/analysis/https-rupali317-github-io-blog-preview-card-main/y6htck4h6s?form_factor=desktop)

### Links

- Solution URL: [Github solution](https://github.com/rupali317/blog-preview-card-main)
- Live Site URL: [Live URL](https://rupali317.github.io/blog-preview-card-main/)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- Mobile-first workflow
- [Github Pages](https://pages.github.com/) - Allows to host static websites directly from a GitHub repository.

### Tested with

- Browsers used for testing: Google Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Brave, Microsoft Edge.
- Devices:
  - (Real) MacBook Pro (15-inch), Samsung Galaxy A33 5G, Samsung Galaxy S20+, iPad Air 2, MacBook Pro (13-inch).
  - (Virtual) The mobile and tablet devices mentioned under Chrome's dev console.
- Screen reader: MacOS VoiceOver.

### What I learned

- TBD

### Useful resources

- []() - This helped me ...

## Acknowledgement

- I express my gratitude towards my mentor - Deborah for the insightful code review session and for suggesting improvements.

## Author

- Website - [Rupali Roy Choudhury](https://www.linkedin.com/in/rupali-rc/)
- Frontend Mentor - [@rupali317](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/rupali317)

Commit message:

Added content related to learnings - readme

README.md, after:

# Frontend Mentor - Blog preview card solution

This is a solution to the [Blog preview card challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/blog-preview-card-ckPaj01IcS). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

## Table of contents

- [The challenge](#the-challenge)
- [Screenshots](#screenshots)
  - [1. Desktop version](#1-desktop-version)
  - [2. Mobile version](#2-mobile-version)
- [PageSpeed Insights results](#pagespeed-insights-results)
- [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [Tested with](#tested-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Acknowledgement](#acknowledgement)
- [Author](#author)

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- See hover and focus states for all interactive elements on the page

### Screenshots

##### 1. Desktop version

Default state
![Blog preview card - default](./assets/screenshots/desktop/Blog-preview-card-default.png)

Hover state
![Blog preview card - hover](./assets/screenshots/desktop/Blog-preview-card-hover.PNG)

##### 2. Mobile version

Default state
![Blog preview card - default](./assets/screenshots/mobile/Blog-preview-card-default.jpg)

Active state
![Blog preview card - hover](./assets/screenshots/mobile/Blog-preview-card-hover.jpg)

### PageSpeed Insights results

[Mobile version](https://pagespeed.web.dev/analysis/https-rupali317-github-io-blog-preview-card-main/y6htck4h6s?form_factor=mobile)

[Desktop version](https://pagespeed.web.dev/analysis/https-rupali317-github-io-blog-preview-card-main/y6htck4h6s?form_factor=desktop)

### Links

- Solution URL: [Github solution](https://github.com/rupali317/blog-preview-card-main)
- Live Site URL: [Live URL](https://rupali317.github.io/blog-preview-card-main/)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- Mobile-first workflow
- [Github Pages](https://pages.github.com/) - Allows to host static websites directly from a GitHub repository.

### Tested with

- Browsers used for testing: Google Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Brave, Microsoft Edge.
- Devices:
  - (Real) MacBook Pro (14-inch), Samsung Galaxy A33 5G, Samsung Galaxy S20+, iPad Air (13-inch), MacBook Pro (13-inch).
  - (Virtual) The mobile and tablet devices mentioned under Chrome's dev console.
- Screen reader: MacOS VoiceOver.

### What I learned

- Represented the date using a more semantic element `<time>` since it improves SEO as srarch engines can better index date-specfic content. It is handly for automated systems like calendars to easily parse date related content.
- I was surprised to see that the span element for the tag was initially expanding inspite of being an inline element. I thought including the `width: fit-content;` was not needed for an inline element. The reason it expanded without the width definition was because a `display:flex` was applied on the span's parent element.
- The content of the child `<p>` indictaes the size of the parent `<article>`. Therefore, min-width on the `<article>` element is not appropriate. Max-width is more apt.

### Useful resources

- [Linearly Scale font-size with CSS clamp() Based on the Viewport](https://css-tricks.com/linearly-scale-font-size-with-css-clamp-based-on-the-viewport/) - This helped me to grasp the concept of scaling font size without using media-queries

## Acknowledgement

- I express my gratitude towards my mentor - Deborah for the insightful code review session and for suggesting improvements.

## Author

- Website - [Rupali Roy Choudhury](https://www.linkedin.com/in/rupali-rc/)
- Frontend Mentor - [@rupali317](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/rupali317)
